there is a growing trend for Americans
to invest in what they have home
improvements are on the rise but
increasing the market value is the only
motivating factor many people are
renovating their homes to accommodate
personal changes in taste and lifestyle
however good looks and low maintenance
don't often go hand-in-hand so opting
for reduced up keith has made vinyl
siding six billion dollar industry
bottle siding is very popular because it
is low maintenance and it does last but
you're not able to cover the ornate
architectural details in applying bottle
siding that has Tennessee not to look
authentic the continued search for more
personal solutions is led to the
development of the spray applied coding
system that looks just like fresh paint
yet last like vinyl and this
revolutionary spray applied coding
system is Arbor x HB what separates
armor X products from all of their
paints and coatings is our proprietary
formulation this ceramic base titanium
and rich formula gives Palmer x coatings
over 30 high performance characteristics
that offer numerous money saving
benefits the armor X product line pairs
multi trade permitted coatings decades
of quality service with the longtime
manufacturing experience of lanco Harris
Arts clusive exterior coating systems
are the culmination of 45 years of
research and development by lanco Harris
since beginning operations in 1948 lanco
Harris's mission has been one of
superior customer satisfaction centered
on their drive to highest quality
products now that you understand the
many benefits of our product why don't
we hear from just a few of our many
satisfied customers we've contracted
with armor X about seven years ago to do
the trim the eaves and the windows on
our home and as you can see we have not
touched it in seven years although if
need be I can pressure wash it and clean
it up but we've been thoroughly
satisfied with problems we've had
compliments we get compliments all the
time on how it looks and I've got
neighbors requesting information because
the product has done so well here this
is my yellow house it is the color I
wanted my house had a lot of character
and I wanted to keep it that way and i
looked at the siding all kinds of citing
companies and they could not give me the
color much less the trim work i wanted
and then the coating people came along
that not only gave me my color they kept
the character of my house the way i
wanted it and it also provides
insulation this house was old and it
didn't have it in any insulation but I
can actually tell you my heating and
cooling bills with them
armor X hi build architectural coding
system is the latest advancement in
ceramic coatings technology our product
is 10 12 times sicker than a normal
average paint job our products covers
things like wood masonite Hardie board
brick block stucco ornate architectural
details and trimmed arm Rex it comes in
over 2,000 different colors unlike the
thin brittle filmed that traditional
exterior paint provides our max HP is 12
times thicker so it fills the cracks and
crevices while at the same time
providing an amazing amount of stretch
and flexibility our industry research
shows that homeowners are looking for
four things one they're looking for
appearance their home is their single
biggest investment and they care how it
looks to reduce maintenance they don't
want to have to care for it on a regular
basis three proven performance after all
it's going to have to withstand elements
and the weather and whatever climate
they live lastly durability whatever
they invest in today they want it to
last as long as possible
welcome to future
armor X I build architectural coding
system can be applied to exterior
surfaces such as wood fiber cement board
aluminum vinyl stucco and brick as well
as trim work in details
armor X uses a penetrating microparticle
bonding agent as a primer coat to
promote maximum adhesion armor X uses a
premium cross-linking acrylic for
strength and maximum durability arm rex
creates a weather-tight coating system
allowing the substrate to breathe and
also acts like a thermal barrier keeping
the cool air in warm air out this ten
times thicker than ordinary paint so it
fills the cracks and crevices it has
great stretch and flexibility in fact
it's one hundred sixty percent elastic
unlike ordinary paint which chips chalks
and cracks
the armor x HB you get the maximum
resistance to rain when
salt spray and UV extreme temperatures
are xhv looks just like pain that lasts
a lifetime to learn more about the armor
x family product visit us online armor x
us calm while there you'll find
additional information regarding the
armor x family products from one part
epoxy to penetrating sealants